# SetStuff
PURPOSE: As implemented based on the specifications provided in the coding bat PALY AP CS 2018 page: http://codingbat.com/home/201718palycs@gmail.com/setstuff, these 11 problems demonstrate my skills to solve AP CS level problems given a return requirement and the arguments. Please check the README for further details.
PURPOSE: As implemented based on the specifications provided in the coding bat PALY AP CS 2018 Page named "setstuff", these 11 problems demonstrate my skills to solve AP CS level problems given a return requirement and the arguments.

FULFILLMENT OF SPECIFICATION: The specification of the coding bat page was the  instructions provided in each of the 11 problems. This specification was tested through the "tests" provided by the page. Since these tests needed to be passed in order for the problems to be counted as complete and correct, and all 11 problems of mine are passed and correct, it is safe to say that  my code passed all the tests, and therefore, it code passed through all the given specifications accurately.

CURRENT ERRORS: As aforementioned, since my code passed all of the tests, there should be no errors. There could still exist errors in the code, if the tests did not catch something, but my examples provided below in the main method also test all of the eleven problems, providing a double checking system. The code could've passed the tests and the double check and still have errors, but if so, these errors are either minimal or non-existent.

OVERVIEW: These eleven problems prove my ability to create AP CS level code. The first problem consisted of the creation of an ArrayList, adding to it, and returning. The second problem tested my ability to search through an ArrayList and return the index. The third problem had me create a method where I returned either true or false based on whether an array contained a specified integer. The fourth problem tested all of the elements of two arrays to see if there were any intersections, and returned true if it found at least one. The fifth problem found the union of two given arrays, or in other words, combined all of the elements in both arrays. The sixth problem found the intersection of two given arrays, or in other words, found the elements that existed in both. The seventh problem had me sort through data given of nodes, their visiting status, and their distance, and return the nearest Unvisited Node. The eighth problem creates an ArrayList with three given integers. The ninth problem adds a new ArrayList that contains three given integers to the given ArrayList of ArrayLists. The tenth problem creates a size four ArrayList that has the union of the first two elements of the two ArrayLists given in one larger ArrayList. Finally, the eleventh problem was using a maximal number in an ArrayList, where the starting index was 0 but every other value would be maximal. Through these eleven problems, I demonstrated my knowledge and ability of implementation of AP CS problems.

MAJOR CHALLENGES: I faced two major challenges when finishing the harder problems. One issue was a when I had not properly saved a coding bat, and the log in had failed, and all of my code was lost in one of the problems. I had to rewrite all of it, and it was one of the longer ones, and I ended up making multiple mistakes that took much deliberation to fix. The other problem I was stuck on was the nearesUnivisitednode, Problem 7. I was unable to figure out how to link the three arrays to each other, and how to properly sift through them. The requirements were confusing to me as I had never done this type of problem before. In order to succeed from this challenge, I got help from a peer and from the AP CS teacher, as mentioned below in acknowledgements. Once I was able to properly understand what the problem and the tests were asking, I was able to successfully create code to finish the tests and the requirements of the problem.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: Zage Strassberg-Phillips and Mr. Kuszmaul helped me through the challenges I faced this project. I also received help from Java Point about ArrayList.
